Manage teams apps on Office mobile (#3141)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/apps/manage-microsoft-office.md

- Manage the creation of Sticky Notes
- Set add-ins preference

> - Manage Teams apps running on Office app for Android (in Preview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Manage Teams apps running on Office app for Android (in preview)
```

For more information about adding configuration keys, see [Add app configuration policies for managed iOS/iPadOS devices](../apps/app-configuration-policies-use-ios.md).

> ### Manage Teams apps running on Office mobile on Android (in Preview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Manage Teams apps running on Office mobile on Android (in preview)
```

> Teams personal tab apps are already in Preview for Office.com and Outlook desktop in Target Release, and IT admins can manage access to Teams apps by creating [custom permission policies](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/MicrosoftTeams/teams-app-permission-policies#create-a-custom-app-permission-policy) and [assigning these policies to users](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/MicrosoftTeams/policy-assignment-overview) using Teams Admin Center. You can now also run Teams personal tab apps in Office mobile on Android, in Preview. Teams personal tab apps built using [Microsoft Teams JavaScript client SDK v2](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/tabs/how-to/using-teams-client-sdk?tabs=javascript%2Cmanifest-teams-toolkit) (version 2.0.0) and [Teams App manifest](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/resources/schema/manifest-schema) (version 1.13) will start showing in Office mobile Android app under the “Apps” menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teams personal tab apps are already in preview for Office.com and Outlook desktop in Target Release, and IT admins can manage access to Teams apps by creating [custom permission policies](/MicrosoftTeams/teams-app-permission-policies#create-a-custom-app-permission-policy) and [assigning these policies to users](/MicrosoftTeams/policy-assignment-overview) using Teams admin center. You can now also run Teams personal tab apps in Office mobile on Android, in preview. Teams personal tab apps built using [Microsoft Teams JavaScript client SDK v2](/microsoftteams/platform/tabs/how-to/using-teams-client-sdk?tabs=javascript%2Cmanifest-teams-toolkit) (version 2.0.0) and [Teams App manifest](/microsoftteams/platform/resources/schema/manifest-schema) (version 1.13) will appear in Office mobile Android app under the “Apps” menu.
```

There may be additional management requirements specific to Office mobile on Android. You may want to:

> - Only allow specific users in your org to try enhanced Teams apps on Office mobile, or
> - Block all users in your org from using enhanced Teams apps on Office mobile.
> 
> To manage the above, you can use the following key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only allow specific users in your organization to try enhanced Teams apps on Office mobile, or
- Block all users in your organization from using enhanced Teams apps on Office mobile.

To manage these,  you can use the following key:
```

|    Key    |    Value    |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------|
|    com.microsoft.office.officemobile.TeamsApps.IsAllowed    |    **true** (default) enables Teams apps on Office mobile<br>**false** disables Teams apps on Office mobile    |

> Above can also be used both by managed devices and managed apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This key can also be used both by managed devices and managed apps.
```

Author: Removed "also".
